bitcoin has been on a rocky road
recently so let's cover the updates you
came here for the truth
this article is covering from The Wall
Street Journal last week Bitcoin plunged
over 40% from all-time highs it as
recently as three weeks ago
on news that China had ordered local
exchanges to halt trading in the
cryptocurrency and we've seen that news
come out it has been public I've
mentioned it here since then defying
naysayers Bitcoin went from about three
thousand to over four thousand at the
time of this recording but appears the
China is nowhere near done according to
The Wall Street Journal Beijing is
moving toward a broad clamp down on
Bitcoin trading testing the resilience
of this currency in a decentralized
platforms and it goes on to basically
say that this is the most draconian
measures by any government that have
taken to control Bitcoin I believe that
this is a very big problem for Bitcoin
not in the long term necessarily but in
the short term I think that people have
been really getting their hands into
Bitcoin and the government has taken
notice and they're trying to do what
they can to shut it down they don't want
competing currencies the central bank
creates the currency they issue that to
the government and interest and they
want that to be the only option they
make it as difficult as possible to move
money out of the country and this has
allowed the Chinese to do so they've
been doing it in droves and as a result
the government has come in and doing
what they can of course they can't stop
the currency itself at least at this
time it doesn't seem so but what they
can do is hit it at the exchanges so
that's exactly what they're going for
these are registered businesses within
the country and so they can go directly
after that they can say look you are
fraudulent you are committing a crime
therefore you have to show your business
down so of course they will do so but
that business may move to another
country but ultimately they'll just go
around the block until there's none left
we'll see what happens I don't know what
this will all entail but we'll see as
time goes on this is the article here at
the Wall Street Journal it's
of Chinese authorities are moving toward
a bra to clamp down on Bitcoin trading
testing the resilience and it goes on so
essentially this article did cover a few
points but but I wanted to show you this
here there's a lot of going on within
cryptocurrencies and you can see that
more and more big establishments are
interested in it and I don't think
that's a good thing of course developers
at some of the top tech companies have
created a browser API that could make it
easier to buy goods and services online
with cryptocurrency so who's involved
well all the big players Microsoft
Google Facebook and others and they
actually will be implementing this in
google chrome and other browsers so now
they're going to implement some sort of
payment method in cryptocurrency I don't
know exactly how far this is going to go
if it's going to involve their own
currencies or this will be Bitcoin and
others but I assure you and I'm sure you
already have your handle on this you
don't want anything to do with this if
your Bitcoin for example is flowing
through their system even if it's just
you know using it as a channel that's a
big problem that's not a good idea but a
lot of people will do this and of course
everything will be tracked data based
and unfortunately monitor this is the
price that we're seeing today even
though it has taken a dive recently the
prices really come back bitcoin is over
four thousand dollars at the time of
this recording and the total market cap
I believe is at about 140 billion
dollars if I'm not mistaken so what we
can see here is that truly resilient in
terms of price but I don't think this is
a good thing a lot of people may
disagree with me however I just wanted
to mention this we have the price of
these crypto currencies rising
dramatically over the past let's say
since 2017 they've really really
escalated and I think that this has
grabbed a lot of attention from the
governments around the world and this is
not a good thing because it's getting
too much attention if you want to use
cryptocurrencies to purely for asset
appreciation then you may not care but
if you want this to be an
native to the currencies that you use
today I think that this is bad you want
it to be a slow and steady ride you
don't want people like JP Morgan and
Goldman Sachs to be interested in
Bitcoin that's not a good thing because
then they start putting their hands on
it they start to talk about
cryptocurrencies governments get
involved and you know what happens there
can be no competition as long as there
are central banking they will do
everything under power to stop it can
they stop the currency itself perhaps
not but where people where most of the
money is and that is through the
exchanges those are the ones that they
can stop and that's a big problem
because a lot of people are keeping the
money on the exchanges and I advise
never do that
hold your currencies in the private
holder private keys do not keep your
money with them would you keep your want
to keep your money in a bank or would
you want to keep it safe privately
that's up to you to decide so that's all
for this video just wanted to let
everybody know to make sure you hit that
subscribe button there are well over
65,000 people now at this time on this
channel so I hope that you will join me
if you haven't already hit the subscribe
button I do videos practically every
single day so join the others get on
this information here and I will bring
it out consistently and accurately stay
tuned I will be doing a video for all my
friends who were involved in precious
metals gold and silver I'll be doing a
video on that soon so stay tuned